Add OTLP stdout exporter (#4183)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: CHANGELOG.md

  ([#4137](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/pull/4137))
- Add in-development `OnEnding` callback to SDK `SpanProcessor` interface.
  ([#4024](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/pull/4024))

> - Add in-development `OTLP Stdout` traces exporter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add in-development support for `otlp/stdout` exporter via `OTEL_TRACES_EXPORTER`.
```

  for temporality preference and default aggregation of built-in exporters, and
  make default values explicit.
  ([#4142](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/pull/4142))

> - Add in-development `OTLP Stdout` metrics exporter.

Reviewer: - Add in-development support for `otlp/stdout` exporter via `OTEL_METRICS_EXPORTER`.

  ([#4183](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/pull/4183))

### Logs

- The SDK MAY provide an operation that makes a deep clone of a `ReadWriteLogRecord`.
  ([#4090](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/pull/4090))

> - Add in-development `OTLP Stdout` log record exporter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add in-development support for `otlp/stdout` exporter via `OTEL_LOGS_EXPORTER`.
```

  ([#4137](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/pull/4137))
- Add in-development `OnEnding` callback to SDK `SpanProcessor` interface.
  ([#4024](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/pull/4024))

> - Add in-development support for `otlp/stdout` exporter via `OTEL_TRACES_EXPORTER`.

Reviewer: This needs to be moved to `Unreleased`. Same for other entries.

Author: done @pellared
